= EMCrud

EMCrud is a CRUDish interface to EMSystems' EMCredential volunteer registration system.  If you don't know anything about
EMSystems or EMCredential, you are very likely looking at the wrong library.  The authors of this library have no affiliation
with EMSystems, and EMCrud is not supported by EMSystems in any way, so do not contact them for support.

==Usage

There are two basic usage scenarios.  In the first, you are trying to programmatically submit a volunteer's registration
info into EMCredential for verification.  In the second, you are searching for volunteers that meet certain criteria.

=== Authentication

Before you can perform either task, you must obtain valid user credentials from EMSystems.  Once obtained, you can use the
credentials in the following manner:

  @credentials = YAML::load_file(filename)[environment]
  @session = EMCrud.authenticate @credentials['username'], @credentials['password']

=== Registration
To register, create an EMCrud::Registration instance, which will load some data from the destination server that allows
some introspection.

  @reg = EMCrud::Registration.new
  #find out what events are in the system
  puts @reg.events
  @reg.event = @reg.events.first
  @reg.profession = "Dentist"
  #fill in remaining fields
  #...

Required fields are <tt>Registration.event, Registration.passwordChallenge, Registration.challengeResponse, Registration.firstName,
and Registration.lastName</tt>.  Valid values for <tt>Registration.event</tt> and <tt>Registration.passwordChallenge</tt> are
found in the <tt>Registration.events</tt> and <tt>Registration.passwordChallenges</tt> collections, respectively.

=== Search

An instance of EMCrud::Search is created to search EMCredential for volunteers by first and last name.

  @search = EMCrud::Search.new
  @search.firstName = "Bob"
  @search.lastName = "Smith"
  @volunteers = @search.search

The returned collection of EMCrud::Volunteer instances is all of the volunteers that matched the given name. More details
on each volunteer can be found by interrogating the Volunteer.field_names collection, which contains all of the fields
EMCredential returns on the record.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 TALHO. See LICENSE for details.
